Zrrrpp. I see my finger fall as I keep this new body completely still. Oh god, it's so out of shape I can barely keep the flabby arm up. There. I see the shock of the tranfer fade and as he starts to look around through my eyes. wow. he's thick. where'd they find this one? I hope he signs the forms and takes the money so we don't have to do this again. Ah, there it is. The confusion on my face. Good. Excellent, there's the worry. Yes! just perfectly timed. beautiful. "muuaagrrrrrr" I groan as if the consciousness transfer failed horribly like in the old days. From the continued green light in the corner I know it sounded good.Means all those hours jumping into new and disgusting excuses for bodies to practice are finally paying off. I lurch forward and stumble to the side as I throw this body forward and to the ground. I land on my new side -- excellent, lots of fat for padding-- and stare blankly toward the corner of the ceiling. That poor bastard is in complete panic now. haha. he'll have a great story to tell when this makes the movie. And yes! my bodie's instincts are kicking in. He steps my body forward and checks my vitals perfectly, even though he has no clue what to look for. All those years as an army medic and then a first responder before the consciousness transfer changed the world really drilled that response into my muscle memory. Tears well in my bodies eyes as the realization that all those horror stories from the first transfers are true and that now he's destined to slowly fade away over a couple months as my brain slowly rejects his consciousness and kills him. Ope weeping! I couldn't have hped for that! I basically never cry anymore. He must really believe that that kind of failure still happens! They fixed all those flaws years ago. The agency must have really found someone living under a rock for this scene. CUT!!! comes over the speakers, I wait half a second, then jab this poor schmuck's finger into my own and jump back into my own body. ok. gloves on: to prevent another transfer. Time to go see how I looked in that scene. It looked Raw when I was on the floor. I just hope it looked as good on camera. As I walk out the door some techs, business guys, and a legal guy all rush in to check on that naive schmuck. fuck it feels good to be back in my perfect body.

===========

Oh boy. Why'd I agree to do this again? Oh yeah. Harvo. Harvo talked me into it. They said that the genius who invented the tech. That the person who had changed the world. That if I never actually tried out the tech. That I would be a coward. Now Harvo may have just been teasing me. But they were actually kinda right. I'd seen all the things go wrong. The consciousness shredding when someone stayed to long. The incomplete transfers resulting horribly merged personalities. The overriding of someone's brain. And all the other mistakes, issues, and chaos of those early days. I knew the tech, and that was the problem. Well, at least my first jump will be in a controlled environment. I'd found one of the more legitimate companies managing large, consensual swaps. I hope the person I'm swapping with comes in soon. This waiting is making me anxious. Ok. Walk through the safety precations again. Gloves: check. Oh god. I'll be taking off my gloves for the first time in years. Wearable camera: check. Gotta see what my swapper does with me. Well. Since I'll actually be swapping soon, gotta loosen these gloves. Untie the strap. Wow. That knot is tight. ugh. I really should take these off more often. Ever since Abicorp invented the washable gloves with the holes and everything I almost never took them off. Basically only when the new model gloves came out. I always opted for the extra security options. Finally. The knot came undone. Time for the dials. What was the combo I had again? Oh yeah. tap tap. tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap. tap tap tap tap tap tap tap. 3 digit codes aren't typically secure, but I got mine specially made to be alpha numeric with klingon, elven, and chinese characters added for good measure and the glove prints and heartbeat sensors to make sure that only this set of gloves used by me can press the buttons. Glad I spent all of last night getting close to my combination otherwise I'd be here half the day. Takes me a full hour to get through the full sequence. But I'd potentially need that time press the panic button and for the private security company to get me out. Good thing the code cycles to the next one in my sequence after evey time I take them off. Can't reuse codes in case someone sees me put it in. Click. That latch cleared. Ok. zipppp. zipper still works well. only thing left is the button. The gloves feel a bit loose now. I feel practically naked. Oh boy. I guess I'm actually doing this. Knock knock. Click. Oh god. here they come. The door opens and in walks a slim, slightly muscular but in that way that you can tell that how their body looks is their primary job. muscles look overly defined. probably a bit dehydrated to get that much definition. I hope they're not thirsty. I say "Hi. No names. Just want to try this whole thing out finally." "Sure." they say, "are you ready then"? As they glance at my high tech gloves. Their gloves are just the basic model, but slick black, with elegant lines. Not a security glove, but one that makes them look good. Fits. This person's probably a jackass. But it'll be interesting to see how their body feels. After all, while I'm somewhat strong, I carry around a good amount of fat. But hey, food is tasty and the doc says I'm healthy, so I'm happy with my body. I think I was as skinny as this person way back in high school before I introduced body swaps and as a result gender went out the window. I finish taking my gloves off and place them on the table. Their one glove goes into their jean pocket. I stand and reach out my hand. From everything I've seen having some distance between you during the swap definitely helps in case one of you stumbles a bit. Keeps you from accidentally re-triggering the transfer.

Zrrrpp.

To be continued.



